today was a newspaper that pointed to a website
of the young students a solo student association
where a sort of campaign is actually being set up
share experiences about left-wing so-called anti-Flemish teachers
it is still strange to draw satudarah behind after that i represent here
The largest party in the Netherlands I represent your team million
Flemish voters I may want to ask you to be allowed to speak about
possibly all of me leaving a few should run so nicely over it
performance of a theater and then what a few clubs well a few dozen
young students or students who are all bullied or not bullied in the school
because of their lawsuits french without conviction yes jappie youth run
those boys and girl two matches less heavy against I think
not that that per fantastic feeling for the political context of today
you still get something to do the man hit this is someone on the list
able to start already
mh m
I don't see any dirty sensitive signs
so it is not about the repeat 9 and then I think this is before
each other solar of radio cars per day of the debate often or not mine
duties I note that young people are high school students and students because he sometimes
get stuck by a teacher the teachers and not
anp a topic that is falling short and that express their opinion
at least for new construction young people and forcing
those who want of course I think I think that I blame the school
should be politically neutral when you do
and that there are guarantees first match this multi-day we the bill
Then the blame is not the place with a certain minute in the
cut out on training political more in the can a best would expire and I think
frankly the language of reckoning and they will get a punishment to later
something not mental and that while walking that is not my teeth in the school it
frankly up to a bit exaggerated and plenty of tags from winching into
the tour is for that role and I think that both sometimes say things
in the canteen today will no longer be inspecting so I have